- make droplet available for other similar apps:
  - if putting new prokect like cbr-db to the same droplet what would be a good address for URL?  :port or /something?


1. Setting up new droplet
-------------------------
- Document breifly steps taken before flask script installation  (nginx, etc)
- Copy history of commands, if possible (for better understanding)

Or all of it is in 'fabfile.py"?

2. Virtual env (for discussion)
--------------
Background: I start running into a problem that different computer behave slightly differently with 'cbr-db' script. 
I do most work on windows, some contractors use linux and web deloyment is linux too. I cannot install virt machine 
at work but have one at home. There are some tools for  virtualisaion suggested (** paste here **), but I'm not 
an expert on this issues, so it will take me some time to pick up. As of now I hope the cbr-db script is 
cross-platform and just few things need to de configured to make it work.

- todo: ?

3. New directory structure
--------------------------
```
home\cbr-project
   \cbr-db
      (...)
      \data
      \output
   \flask-cbr  
```
```\flask-cbr\flask-cbr``` is a bit confusing

4. Dependencies/configuration of 'cbr-db'
---------------------------------------
deployment will be documented in deployment.md

checklist:
settings.cfg
  mysql
    workable from console call
    valid user and 
  zip/rar
  directories
requirements.txt

possible permissions from mysldump to write to 'output' folder, writing in data folder and subfolders


5. Additions to flask wrapper
-----------------------------
- design changes in this fork (footer commented out, higher size of textarea for script execution)

- new design change not implemeted before:
  - change top-left text from 'cbr wrapper' to 'Home' - on click goes to page similar to screen befor login 
  - left from Home would be Charts Data Admin
  - Charts is a place-holder for Matlibplot charts based on data. Can make a stub now (text describing what it would be).
  - Data is listing of 'output' folder, same as before. Accessible without login
  - Admin is a link to program command line, assessible after login 
  - 
  
- new feature: 
  - in admin also need a capability to run scripts. We have several in https://github.com/epogrebnyak/cbr-db/tree/master/py3/script
  folder. they are .bat files but commands would be almost identical to bash scripts.
  - for simplicity can make a new folder 
  with bash scripts (like 'python3 bankform.py reset database', etc) or bankform.py commands ('reset database'). bankform.py commands
  is probably a better choice, because it would not allow to run an arbitrary bash script on the server.
  - the Admin screen would then have: 
    - one line text form with execute (as there is now)
    - dropdown menu with names of the script
    
6.    Testing
--------------
   Must run https://github.com/epogrebnyak/cbr-db/blob/master/py3/script/test-one-date-101.bat 
   with non-emtry output. 
  



